https://edge-bord.ircc.canada.ca/ccc-ada/step-etape-1-eng.aspx
Apply for Crown Copyright Clearance - Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada - Canada.ca Skip to main content Skip to "About this site" Government of Canada / Gouvernement du Canada Search Search Canada.ca Search Menu Main Menu Jobs and the workplace Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business and industry Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finances Science and innovation You are here: Canada.ca Apply for Crown Copyright Clearance Privacy Notice All personal information created, held or collected by this department is protected under the Privacy Act. This means that you will be informed of the purpose for which it is being collected and how to exercise your right of access to that information. You will be asked for your consent where appropriate. Read the full notice Communicating with the Government of Canada If you choose to send IRCC an email or complete a feedback form online, your personal information is used by IRCC in order to respond to your inquiry. The information you provide will only be shared with another government institution if your inquiry relates to that institution. IRCC does not use the information to create individual profiles nor does it disclose the information to anyone other than to those in the federal government who need to provide you with a response. Any disclosure of your personal information is in accordance with the Privacy Act. Personal information from emails or completed feedback forms is collected pursuant to the Department of Citizenship and Immigration Act, the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act and the Citizenship Act. Such information may be used for statistical, evaluation and reporting purposes and is included in Personal Information Bank Public Communications (PSU 914). For assistance in completing your application, please contact us. Step 1 of 3: Applicant information First name (required) Last name (required) Telephone number (including area code) (required) Extension (digits only) Email (yourname@domain.com) (required) Address (required) City (required) Province / State (required) Postal code (required) Country (required) Are you applying on behalf of an organization? (required) No Yes If you are applying on behalf of an organization, please fill out the orgnization information below. Organization name Type of organization Educational Institution Foreign Government Government of Canada Non Profit Organization Private Company Provincial Government Other If Other, please specify   Report a problem on this page Date modified: 2019-03-01 About government Contact us Departments and agencies Public service and military News Treaties, laws and regulations Government-wide reporting Prime Minister How government works Open government About this site Social media Mobile applications About Canada.ca Terms and conditions Privacy Top of Page
