https://atom.io/
Atom Packages Themes Documentation Blog Discussions Sign in 1.60.0 Release notes macOS For macOS 10.10 or later Download By downloading, you agree to the Terms and Conditions. Other platforms Try Atom Beta Try Atom Nightly A hackable text editor for the 21st Century Teletype for Atom Great things happen when developers work together—from teaching and sharing knowledge to building better software. Teletype for Atom makes collaborating on code just as easy as it is to code alone, right from your editor. Share your workspace and edit code together in real time. To start collaborating, open Teletype in Atom and install the package. Learn more GitHub for Atom A text editor is at the core of a developer’s toolbox, but it doesn't usually work alone. Work with Git and GitHub directly from Atom with the GitHub package. Create new branches, stage and commit, push and pull, resolve merge conflicts, view pull requests and more—all from within your editor. The GitHub package is already bundled with Atom, so you're ready to go! Learn more Everything you would expect Cross-platform editing Atom works across operating systems. Use it on OS X, Windows, or Linux. Built-in package manager Search for and install new packages or create your own right from Atom. Smart autocompletion Atom helps you write code faster with a smart and flexible autocomplete. File system browser Easily browse and open a single file, a whole project, or multiple projects in one window. Multiple panes Split your Atom interface into multiple panes to compare and edit code across files. Find and replace Find, preview, and replace text as you type in a file or across all your projects. Make it your editor Packages Choose from thousands of open source packages that add new features and functionality to Atom, or build a package from scratch and publish it for everyone else to use. Themes Atom comes pre-installed with four UI and eight syntax themes in both dark and light colors. Can't find what you're looking for? Install themes created by the Atom community or create your own. Customization It's easy to customize and style Atom. Tweak the look and feel of your UI with CSS/Less, and add major features with HTML and JavaScript. See how to set up Atom Under the hood Atom is a desktop application built with HTML, JavaScript, CSS, and Node.js integration. It runs on Electron, a framework for building cross platform apps using web technologies. Open source Atom is open source. Be part of the Atom community or help improve your favorite text editor. Fork on GitHub Keep in touch GitHub github.com/atom Twitter @AtomEditor Discussions Github Discussions Stuff Atom Gear RSS Feed Packages & Themes Terms of Use Privacy Code of Conduct Releases FAQ Contact with by
