https://www.canada.ca/en/services/benefits.html
Benefits - Canada.ca Skip to main content Skip to "About government" Language selection Français fr / Gouvernement du Canada Search Search Canada.ca Search Menu Main Menu Jobs and the workplace Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business and industry Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finances Science and innovation You are here: Canada.ca Benefits Includes COVID-19 benefits, Employment Insurance, child benefit, pensions and benefits for housing, education, training, family, people with disabilities and after a death. Most requested Apply for Employment Insurance Apply for student loans and grants Child and family benefits calculators Sign in to a Government of Canada online account Sign up for direct deposit Submit your EI report with the Internet Reporting Service COVID-19: Financial support Financial support for people, businesses and organizations during the pandemic. Employment Insurance benefits and leave Temporary benefits for workers, sickness, fishing and family-related benefits. How to apply online and submit a report. Family and caregiving benefits Help for the costs of raising people with disabilities. Child benefit, maternity, parental and caregiving benefits and leave. Public pensions Canada Pension Plan, Old Age Security, Guaranteed Income Supplement, Retirement planning. Student aid and education planning Plan for an education, save, budget. Explore student aid and career options. Housing benefits Housing rebate, financial assistance for home repairs improve accessibility for disabled occupants, increase energy-efficiency. Disability benefits Disability pensions and children's benefits, education funding, savings plans, gasoline tax refund program. Benefits by audience Benefits and programs, including eligibility. Benefits payment dates Payment dates for recurring Government of Canada benefit payments. Benefits finder A tool to help you find federal, provincial and territorial benefits and services you may be eligible to receive. Notify the federal government of a death Documents you need. Who to notify. What to do next. Report a problem or mistake on this page Please select all that apply: A link, button or video is not working It has a spelling mistake Information is missing Information is outdated or wrong Login error when trying to access an account (e.g. My Service Canada Account) GC Key access SecureKey Concierge (Banking Credential) access Personal Access Code (PAC) problems or EI Access Code (AC) problems Social Insurance Number (SIN) validation problems Other login error not in this list I can't find what I'm looking for Other issue not in this list Submit Thank you for your help! You will not receive a reply. For enquiries, contact us. Date modified: 2022-02-01 About government Contact us Departments and agencies Public service and military News Treaties, laws and regulations Government-wide reporting Prime Minister About government Open government About this site Social media Mobile applications About Canada.ca Terms and conditions Privacy Top of page
