https://socialimpact.github.com/
GitHub Social Impact | The Social Impact team uses GitHub’s product, brand and employees to empower nonprofits and the greater social sector to make a positive & lasting contribution to the world. skip to content Return to homepage Social Impact Tech for Social Good Insights Social Impact Tech for Social Good Insights Subscribe GitHub Social Impact The Social Impact team empowers nonprofits and the greater social sector to drive positive and lasting contributions to the world with GitHub products, our brand, and our employees. How we’re making a difference $5M+ GitHub employee donations in 2021 18 countries across six continents participate in Social Impact programs 30+ events participated in 2019-2021 with more than 17,000 people attending “ Together with GitHub Tech for Social Good, Kurante has formed a new open source community of monitoring & evaluation practitioners in more than 10 countries in four continents! This community is lowering the barriers for an important social sector vertical to understand if, how and when to use open source solutions, and we’re doing it in an inclusive way. Linda Raftree // Co-Founder of Kurante “ We are very happy with GitHub’s Skills-Based Volunteering program! The outcome of the project provides a great entry point for DHIS2 web application developers and serves as a first stop in our redesigned DHIS2 Developer Portal welcome page. Austin McGee & Debora Galeano // DHIS2 “ Tides can’t say enough how honored we are to be partnering with GitHub. Their work shows how embracing an innovative and thoughtful approach to corporate social impact creates positive benefits for employees, nonprofits and the communities they serve, and ultimately the company. Erin Ceynar // Senior Advisor, Corporate Social Impact, Tides Foundation “ Leading the Open Source in the Social Sector report research was a unique opportunity to identify critical insights at an incredibly important intersection. The research has already strengthened social sector open source capacity and has led to more research opportunities for Olive Branch International to engage with GitHub Tech for Social Good and use the knowledge gained from the engagement to navigate other open-source opportunities for the social sector. Gina Assaf // Olive Branch International “ A critical Diversity, Inclusion, Access and Race Equity lens is needed to truly yield equitable social good. The GitHub Tech for the Social Good team has taken on this lens to ensure that any program outcome, however well intentioned, does not disadvantage the very people it seeks to engage, particularly BIPOC, LGBTQI+, and under-resourced communities. Eboné M. Bishop // DEAI and Race Equity Advisor, CEO & Founder, Evolv Our work Tech for Social Good Tech for Social Good leverages GitHub’s platform and products, community and people to strengthen the social sector’s efforts to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals. Its major programs focus on research, community building, and Skills-Based Volunteering. Learn more Employee Giving Employee Giving leverages the power of employee charitable donations, volunteerism, and mentorship to help social sector partners reach those in need. 2,000+ nonprofits received donations by GitHub employees 150+ mentees have been advised by GitHub employees 500+ free team licenses have been distributed Volunteering GitHub employees love to volunteer virtually and in their local communities. Every hour that employees volunteer, they will receive a $20 credit to donate to a nonprofit of their choice, up to $15,000. Matching When an employee donates to a nonprofit that they care about, be it human rights or climate change organizations, we match each donation dollar for dollar, up to $15,000. GitHub Gives GitHub employees participate each December in our giving campaign to raise funds for our local communities. In December 2021, as a company, we raised over $1.98 million for nonprofits around the world. Latest insights Tech for Social Good Tech for Social Good is hiring two contractors Support our open source community management and engineering work. Deadline to apply is April 29, 2022. Read More Tech for Social Good The second MERL Center stipend application is now open Deadline to apply is June 13, 2022 Read More Tech for Social Good The World Health Organization is launching its Open Source Programme Office GitHub has supported the creation of a World Health Organization Open Source Programme Office (OSPO). While there are OSPOs in large tech companies, academic institutions, and governments, the WHO OSPO will be the first in the greater United Nations (UN) system. Read More Engagement Opportunities Tech for Social Good is hiring two contractors We are looking for part-time contractors to support our open source community management and engineering work. Apply by April 29, 2022. Read more and apply MERL Center second stipend The second MERL Center stipend is now open! Apply by June 13, 2022. Read more Participate in our research project on Standardized GitHub Metrics for International Development, Public Policy, and Economics If you currently use GitHub data or would like to use GitHub data in your international development, public policy, or economics work, we want to hear from you. Please fill out the form below by Wednesday, May 1, 2022. Submit your information here Sign up for a nonprofit account on us. GitHub nonprofit accounts are designed for official nonprofit organizations that are non-government, non-academic, non-commercial, non-political in nature, and have no religious affiliation. Qualifying nonprofits are eligible for a Team account with unlimited private repositories and unlimited users. Request a free Team plan Not a nonprofit? Submit a request for your social good project, and we’ll let you know if you qualify for a discount. Want to get involved? Please contact us and our team will get back to you soon. Contact Social Impact Product Features Security Enterprise Customer stories Pricing Resources Platform Developer API Partners Atom Electron GitHub Desktop Support Docs Community Forum Professional Services Learning Lab Status Contact GitHub Company About Blog Careers Press Shop © GitHub, Inc. Terms Privacy Cookie settings Open Source for Good Updates Tech for Social Good runs the Open Source for Good mailing list first name This field is required. Email Address This field is required. Subscribe
