https://www.apple.com/legal/sla/
Legal - Software License Agreements - Apple Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search apple.com Cancel Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Only on Apple Accessories Support Shopping Bag + Cancel Legal Open Menu Close Menu Hardware Software Sales & Support Internet Services Intellectual Property More Resources Software License Agreements Review the software license agreements for currently shipping Apple products by selecting the appropriate product below. JavaScript is required to view this content. Something went wrong. The content for this page did not load correctly. Reload the page to try again. Reload Page License Information Your use of Apple software or hardware products is based on the software license and other terms and conditions in effect for the product at the time of purchase. Your agreement to these terms is required to install or use the product. Please be aware that the software license that accompanies the product at the time of purchase may differ from the version of the license you can review here. Be certain to read the applicable terms carefully before you install the software or use the product. Apple Footer  Apple Legal Software License Agreements Hardware and Software Open Menu Close Menu Hardware Warranties Software License Agreements RF Exposure More Resources Open Menu Close Menu Overview Government Information Requests Contact Apple Legal Global Trade Compliance Supplier Provisions Filemaker Legal Information Apple Bag Check Class Action Settlement Sales & Support Open Menu Close Menu Overview AppleCare Repair Terms and Conditions Express Replacement Service Remote Support Terms and Conditions Sales Policies Certification Agreements and Policies Training Service Terms and Conditions Support Communities Terms of Use Internet Services Open Menu Close Menu Overview Apple Media Services Terms and Conditions iTunes Gift Cards and Codes Terms and Conditions Game Center Terms and Conditions iCloud Terms of Service TestFlight Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Website Terms of Use Intellectual Property Open Menu Close Menu Overview Guidelines for Using Apple Trademarks and Copyrights Trademarks Rights and Permissions Piracy Prevention Unsolicited Idea Submission Policy Education Open Menu Close Menu Apple School Manager Enterprise Open Menu Close Menu Apple Business Manager Data Transfer Agreements More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. United States Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
