https://discussions.apple.com
Official Apple Support Community Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search Support Cancel Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Only on Apple Accessories Support Shopping Bag + Cancel Community Get Support Sign in Sign in Sign in corporate Browse Search Community Sign in Ask a Question Browse Get Support Ask a question Apple Support Community Find answers. Ask questions. Connect with Apple customers around the world. Search or ask a question Search Apple Communities Reset Open Apple Communities Search Learn more about the Apple Support Community Select your product to find related topics iPhone Mac OS & System Software iPad Apple Watch Notebooks Music See fewer topics See more topics Notebooks Music iCloud Desktop Computers TV Apple ID Apple Pay iWork iLife Professional Applications iPod iOS Apps Looking for something else? Search the community or use our site map to find a topic. Featured Tips Get insights from experienced community members. See all tips User profile for user: turingtest2 Rating: 5 out of 5 ? ? ? ? ? Rated by 63 users 63 Restore Original Smart Playlists "The images below show the rules of the standard smart playlists that an iTunes library starts out with and ..." User name: turingtest2 Read full postRestore Original Smart Playlists User profile for user: John Galt Rating: 5 out of 5 ? ? ? ? ? Rated by 196 users 196 Phony "tech support" / "ransomware" popups and web pages "Short answer:These are scams just like an unsolicited phone caller harassing you to buy something you don't..." User name: John Galt Read full postPhony "tech support" / "ransomware" popups and web pages User profile for user: b noir Rating: 4 out of 5 ? ? ? ? ? Rated by 23 users 23 "Could not access network location %APPDATA%" install errors "SymptomsWhile upgrading, installing or uninstalling a Windows software package (such as iTunes for Windows ..." User name: b noir Read full post"Could not access network location %APPDATA%" install errors New to the Community? Join now Learn moreabout Apple Support Community Find answers and ask new questions Find answers Use the search bar at the top of this page to quickly ask questions and find answers. How to search the community Manage the people and discussions you follow Manage the people and discussions you follow Once you sign in, tap your name at the top of the page. Tap View More and then Manage Subscriptions. There you can adjust the people and discussions you’re following. How to manage subscriptions Award points, level up, and earn new privileges Have some fun As you participate in discussions, you earn points which can get you perks and more. You can even earn product specialties if you focus on specific product areas. How to earn rewards Welcome to Apple Support Community A forum where Apple customers help each other with their products. Learn more. Sign up with your Apple ID to get started. Apple Footer This site contains user submitted content, comments and opinions and is for informational purposes only. Apple may provide or recommend responses as a possible solution based on the information provided; every potential issue may involve several factors not detailed in the conversations captured in an electronic forum and Apple can therefore provide no guarantee as to the efficacy of any proposed solutions on the community forums. Apple disclaims any and all liability for the acts, omissions and conduct of any third parties in connection with or related to your use of the site. All postings and use of the content on this site are subject to the Apple Support Community Terms of Use. See how your data is managed...  Apple Support Community More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. United States Copyright © Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map Ask a question Reset
