https://www.canada.ca/en/services/science.html
Science and innovation - Canada.ca Skip to main content Skip to "About government" Language selection Français fr / Gouvernement du Canada Search Search Canada.ca Search Menu Main Menu Jobs and the workplace Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business and industry Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finances Science and innovation You are here: Canada.ca Science and innovation Science and innovation Scientific research, funding, datasets, innovation support, facilities and educational resources. Follow: Facebook Twitter YouTube Facebook Canadian Science Canadian Innovation Promotions Find out what government can do for your business. Most requested National building codes Official time across Canada Check sunrise and sunset times Financial support for technology innovation Federal Science Library Live view of northern lights cam Services and information Biomanufacturing Find out how the Government of Canada is building Canada's biomanufacturing capacity Research funding and awards Funding and awards for scientific research, research infrastructure and research networks. Science subjects Government research and resources on a wide variety of scientific topics. Open data, statistics and archives Government data, statistics, analyses and archival information to assist with research and discovery. Research institutes and facilities Government research centres across Canada and how to partner with or access these facilities. R&D and innovation Funding, collaboration, commercialization and licensing resources to help fuel innovation. Intellectual property and copyright Protecting your intellectual property, trademarks, copyright and using IP as a business tool. Directory of scientists and research professionals A directory of government scientists and research professionals. Science education resources Activities, lesson plans, videos and more to help youth learn about science and technology. Our environment Resources to take action to fight climate change and protect the environment. Features James Webb Space Telescope What the telescope will observe, its objectives, how it works and Canada's role. Satellite Earth observation Taking full advantage of space to help tackle and adapt to climate change. Safeguarding your research Learn how to guard your data, expertise and knowledge. Report a problem or mistake on this page Please select all that apply: A link, button or video is not working It has a spelling mistake Information is missing Information is outdated or wrong Login error when trying to access an account (e.g. My Service Canada Account) GC Key access SecureKey Concierge (Banking Credential) access Personal Access Code (PAC) problems or EI Access Code (AC) problems Social Insurance Number (SIN) validation problems Other login error not in this list I can't find what I'm looking for Other issue not in this list Submit Thank you for your help! You will not receive a reply. For enquiries, contact us. Date modified: 2022-01-20 About government Contact us Departments and agencies Public service and military News Treaties, laws and regulations Government-wide reporting Prime Minister About government Open government About this site Social media Mobile applications About Canada.ca Terms and conditions Privacy Top of page
