https://www.canada.ca/en/services/transport.html
Transport and infrastructure - Canada.ca Skip to main content Skip to "About government" Language selection Français fr / Gouvernement du Canada Search Search Canada.ca Search Menu Main Menu Jobs and the workplace Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business and industry Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finances Science and innovation You are here: Canada.ca Transport and infrastructure Untitled Document Transport and infrastructure Ensuring the safe movement of people and goods by air, rail, road and water. Funding for infrastructure projects. Follow: Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Promotions Marine Liability and Compensation: Oil Spills Making zero-emission vehicles more affordable New drone rules in effect. Register your drone and get your pilot certificate! Explore Investing in Canada plan projects in your community Learn more about how we are protecting our coasts Most requested Drone safety What not to bring on a plane Register your vessel Child car seat safety Transporting dangerous goods - Regulations Canadian Aviation Regulations Services and information COVID-19 measures, updates, and guidance issued by Transport Canada Aviation Pilot and personnel licensing, aircraft and airport operations, drones, incident reporting, air travel, airworthiness. Marine transportation Licence, certify and register a vessel, safety and training, navigational aids, commercial vessels, pleasure craft. Road transportation Defects and recalls, importing vehicles, child car seats, safety standards, commercial carriers, road security. Rail transportation Railway tracks, crossings and bridges, federal rail operations, safety/security investigations, actions and enforcement. Dangerous goods Learn about the safe transport of dangerous goods in Canada by air, rail, road and water. Infrastructure Funding programs for infrastructure projects. Federal investments in infrastructure by province and territory. Features Trade Transportation Corridors Building stronger and more efficient transportation corridors to international markets to help Canadian businesses compete, grow and create more jobs. Transportation 2030 Transportation 2030: A strategic plan for the future of transportation in Canada Defects and recalls of vehicles, tires and child car seats Check if your vehicle, tires or child car seat is subject to a recall, or report a safety defect! Report a problem or mistake on this page Please select all that apply: A link, button or video is not working It has a spelling mistake Information is missing Information is outdated or wrong Login error when trying to access an account (e.g. My Service Canada Account) GC Key access SecureKey Concierge (Banking Credential) access Personal Access Code (PAC) problems or EI Access Code (AC) problems Social Insurance Number (SIN) validation problems Other login error not in this list I can't find what I'm looking for Other issue not in this list Submit Thank you for your help! You will not receive a reply. For enquiries, contact us. Date modified: 2020-11-06 About government Contact us Departments and agencies Public service and military News Treaties, laws and regulations Government-wide reporting Prime Minister About government Open government About this site Social media Mobile applications About Canada.ca Terms and conditions Privacy Top of page
