https://support.apple.com/tv
TV Support - Official Apple Support Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search Support Cancel Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Only on Apple Accessories Support Shopping Bag + Cancel TV Support Subscriptions and Purchases Apple TV Support AirPlay Video HomePod Get Apple TV+ Watch all-new, on-demand Apple Originals across your devices in the Apple TV app. Subscribe to Apple TV+ Stream movies and TV shows Watch all of your TV in the Apple TV app Continue to watch your favorites, discover something new, and subscribe to the channels that you love to watch — all with the Apple TV app. Use the Apple TV app Buy, rent, subscribe, and watch anywhere Discover great content in the Apple TV app that you can buy or rent, subscribe to your favorite channels, and watch it all on any of your devices. Buy movies and content Rent movies Subscribe to Apple TV channels Get the Apple TV or TV+ app With the Apple TV app or Apple TV+ app on your smart TV or streaming device, you can discover more of what you love, and watch it all in one place. Learn how to set up the Apple TV or TV+ app TV that everyone can enjoy The Apple TV app has content with accessibility features like subtitles (SDH), closed captions (CC), and audio-described content (AD). Turn these features on or off to customize your experience. Turn on or turn off subtitles Search for more topics Search Support Clear Search Apple Communities Find answers, ask questions, and connect with other Apple users. Ask or search now Get Support We can help you find the best support options. Start now Support app Get personalized access to solutions for your Apple products. Download the Apple Support app Apple Footer ? Apple Support TV Support Product Support+ iPhone Support Mac Support iPad Support Watch Support AirPods Support Music Support TV Support Support Site Map Service and Repair+ Apple Repair Options Service and Repair Information AppleCare Products Hardware Warranties Software License Agreements Complimentary Support Resources+ My Support Downloads Manuals Tech Specs Accessibility Education Business Connect+ Contact Us Phone Numbers Support app Apple Communities Apple Support Videos @AppleSupport United States Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Site Map
