https://store.google.com/category/phones
5G Google Pixel Phones - Google Store Skip navigation 0 Guest Sign in with Google Orders Preferred Care Subscriptions Settings My Nest home The helpful Google phones. Pixel 6 Pro The best of Google, built around you. Learn more Pixel 6 A whole new Pixel, inside and out. Learn more New Pixel 6 Pro New Pixel 6 Compare phones Google Pixel Buds A-Series New Pixel Stand Pixel cases Pixel 6 Pro and Pixel 6: The reimagined Google phones. Google's first custom-made processor. Google Tensor makes Live Translate more intelligent and responsive, and adds an extra layer of hardware security., An all-new Pixel experience. Made to be more modern, intuitive and adaptive. It helps you find things fast, shows you the apps and info that you need right when you need them, and checks your spelling as you type. A new advanced camera system. The main sensor captures 150% more light than Pixel 5's rear camera, giving you rich, vivid colours and more detail in every shot. Feature drops keep your phone feeling new. Google improves Pixel with software updates that bring you new ways to do things. It's like unboxing a new phone every few months. Pick your Google Phone Compare all New Pixel 6 Pro Buy New Pixel 6 Buy Google Tensor Google Tensor QHD+ LTPO Smooth Display, up to 120 Hz FHD+ Smooth Display, up to 90 Hz Triple rear camera system: 50 MP wide 12 MP ultrawide 48 MP telephoto LDAF sensor 11.1 MP front camera Dual rear camera system: 50 MP wide 12 MP ultrawide — LDAF sensor 8 MP front camera 128 GB/256 GB Storage 128 GB/256 GB Storage Polished alloy frame Corning® Gorilla® Glass Victus™ cover glass Corning® Gorilla® Glass Victus™ back glass Tactile alloy frame Corning® Gorilla® Glass Victus™ cover glass Corning® Gorilla® Glass 6 back glass Wireless Fast Charging 5003 mAh 24-hour+ battery life Wireless Fast Charging 4614 mAh 24-hour+ battery life Fingerprint Unlock Titan M2™ chip and security core Fingerprint Unlock Titan M2™ chip and security core 5G 5G Learn more Learn more Take authentic, accurate portraits. Portraits on Pixel help represent the nuances of different skin tones for all people beautifully and authentically. True Pixel stories. Inspiring, unexpected and interesting stories told first-hand by real Pixel owners. play_arrow play_arrow arrow_back arrow_forward Our ambition Making thoughtful and accessible products Learn more 1 Measured diagonally; dimension may vary by configuration and manufacturing process. Smooth Display is not available for all apps or content. Smooth Display automatically adjusts to optimise for best viewing and battery performance. 2 Storage specifications refer to capacity before formatting. Actual formatted capacity will be less. 3 Estimate of typical capacity based on testing and expected mobile behaviour. 4 Estimated battery life based on testing using a mix of talk, data, standby and use of other features. Battery life depends upon many factors and usage of certain features will decrease battery life. Average battery life during testing was approximately 34 hours. Battery testing was conducted by a third party in California in mid-2021 on pre-production hardware and software using default settings. Battery testing was conducted using two major operator networks using sub-6 GHz non-standalone 5G (ENDC) connectivity. Actual battery life may be lower. 5 Wireless charging rates up to 21 W (Pixel 6) and up to 23 W (Pixel 6 Pro) charging with Qi-certified Google PIxel Stand (2nd gen) (sold separately). Actual results may be slower. Fast wired charging rates are based on use of the Google 30 W USB-C® Charger plugged into a wall socket. Compatible with USB PD 3.0 PPS adapters. Actual results may be slower. Adaptors sold separately. 6 Requires a 5G data plan (sold separately). 5G service is operator dependent. Contact mobile operator for details. Learn more about 5G network compatibility. 7 Not available for all camera apps or modes. 8 Maximum resolution and field of view with RAW image files setting turned on. Setting is turned off by default. Learn more about editing photos on your Pixel phone. 9 Download speed claims based on testing music files from popular streaming platforms. Average download time was less than one second per song. Download speed depends upon many factors, such as file size, content provider, operator and network connection. Testing conducted in an internal, Sub-6 GHz, non-standalone, 5G network lab and on pre-production hardware in California in early 2020. Actual download speeds may be slower. 10 Not available in all languages or countries. Not available on all media or apps. See g.co/pixel/livetranslate for more information. 11 Compared to earlier models of Pixel phones. 12 Feature drops for at least three years from when the device first became available on the Google Store in the US. Your Pixel will receive feature drops during the applicable Android update and support periods for the phone. See g.co/pixel/updates for details. 13 Compared to Pixel 5. Based on internal CPU benchmark testing on pre-production devices. Δ Trade-in values vary based on condition, year and configuration of your trade-in device, and are subject to change upon inspection. Credit card refund only available if a Pixel phone is purchased on that card. Phone trade-in value depends on the eligibility of the phone traded in. Phone trade-in credit will be issued as a refund back on the credit card used for the phone purchase at Google Store or in the form of Store Credit if the purchased phone has already been returned. Refund is based on (and paid after) phone received matching the description provided at time of estimate and will be issued to form of payment used for order. Phones sent for trade-in must be received within 30 days of initiation of trade-in process, provided that the purchased device has not been returned during that time. Additional trade-in terms are located here: https://store.google.com/intl/en-US_us/about/device-terms.html. Additional shop credit terms are located here: https://store.google.com/intl/en-US_us/about/device-terms.html. † To qualify for free delivery at the lowest cost, your order total must be at least $35 before estimated taxes and after any discounts have been applied. Separate, multiple orders cannot be combined to total $35 or more to receive free delivery. Learn more.
